Patient's condition
We have conducted a comprehensive evaluation
I also regret to inform you
His chemotherapy didn't have the desired effect
The disease has not been effectively controlled, sorry.
Now what?
Use other treatments
We have tried all
Department of conventional treatment
Right now, the only treatment is a bone marrow transplant.
But you need to know
bone marrow transplant
It's a very difficult thing to do.
Especially to find the right match
Doctor
If you haven't found a match
How long can my daughter last?
Women's conditions are different
But don't worry.
We will do our best.
Maintain Miss Zhao's good health
But so far
Miss Zhao's situation
I'm afraid it won't last long
Tingting, why did you come out? Go back and hide.
The hidden waist is sore Tingting
Go back.
I just
Oh, it doesn't matter, everyone is interesting.
and
I have someone who loves me so much by my side
I'm content.
I want to watch the sunset
Will you come with me?
I guess I won't see the sunset today
But it's so beautiful.
What's the matter?
Don't you think it's beautiful?
Are you
I know I'm about to leave you
Get mad at me again!
Sorry Xiaoni
I can't be with you
Must not forget me
I feel really happy.
It feels like someone is accompanying me
It should be your father.
Just because of your company
I'm not scared at all
I'll be back with you soon.
son
Mom didn't take good care of you
In my next life, I still want to be your mother
Tingting
While you were alive
I should have been nicer to you.
Or I'm sorry
You must marry me in your next life, hahaha.
Will you take good care of your mother, Tingting?
Can meet you
It's a blessing.
Dad?
Dad! Dad!
third brother
Three brothers and three miles
Sanli Sanli
Where? Where?
The person who loves you will always be with you